{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
<head>\
  <title>M@GIC</title>\
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="./style.css">\
  <!-- FONTS -->\
  <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Crushed|Lobster|Quicksand" rel="stylesheet">\
</head>\
\
\
<body>\
\
\
  <header>\
    <div class="container">\
      <div id="brandname">\
        <h1>M@GIC TSHIRT</h1>\
      </div>\
      <nav>\
        <ul>\
          <li><a href="./Index.html">Overview</a></li>\
          <li><a href="./Idea.html">Idea Concept</a></li>\
          <li><a href="./Competencies.html">Competencies</a></li>\
          <li><a href="./FDM.html">Framework/Design/Methodology<a></li>\
          <li><a href="./ContactUs.html">Contact Us</a></li>\
        </ul>\
    </div>\
  </header>\
\
  <section id="showcase">\
    <div class="container">\
      <h1>Revolutionary Technology</h1>\
      <p>Durable water repellants on fabrics to <br> provide protection against water, oil and soil</p>\
    </div>\
  </section>\
\
  <section id="main">\
    <div class="container">\
\
      <article id="goal">\
        <h1> The Goal </h1>\
        <p> This project aims to provide allow students, teachers and prospective\
      clients to purchase a new and different shirt altogether. M@GIC is a shirt\
      which uses durable water repellants on fabrics to provide protection against\
      water, oil and soil. The repellents finishes add value to textile products and\
      also extends the life of products and keep them looking newer longer. </p>\
        <h1> The Science Behind The Shirt </h1>\
        <p>These long-chain fluorinated polymers often contain residual raw materials and trace levels of long-chain acids as impurities. The residual raw materials and the product themselves may degrade in the environment to form long-chain PFAAs. The move from fluorinated to non-fluorinated durable water repellants chemistries is much more challenging and one that requires lots of research to realize the practical application of non-fluorinated durable water repellents finishes on textile products. </p>\
        <p>Research and development efforts are need to make certain that non-fluorinated chemistries can provide the desired fabric attribOutes as well as meet their defined performance requirements. Presently, commercially available non-fluorinated chemistries do not provide oil repellent and stain release attributes on fabrics. These attributes, in addition to several others, are demanded for certain product groups by their end users.\
        </p>\
        <h1>Benefits</h1>\
        <p>This durable water repellent can bring many benefits to end users. One of the ways is when shirts get wet during water games conducted during camps. This durable water repellent can then be used to repel water off shirts and allow end users not to get wet and catch a cold. Another use can be for chefs and cooks in restaurant, day to day to meet with water, grease and oil, with the renewed product, the shirt can now be sold to all restaurants as oil can be really hard to wash off a shirt. </p>\
      </article>\
\
    </div>\
  </section>\
\
\
</body>\
</html>}